[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Samhwa Barber Shop]
Yoon Bok, let's get going now.
All right.
Oh my goodness!
Are you the woman
who abandoned my daughter?
How dare you set up a shop here
right on the road that my
daughter took to school?
- Mom.
- Let go of me!
You!
Were you meeting up with
this woman behind my back?
Madam.
Jae Beom.
I'm going to faint.
- Madam! Madam!
- Mom! Mom!
Mom!
[Episode 7]
I'll be right back.
Are you Kang Soo Jin's daughter?
Yes.
What's your name?
Kim Yoon Bok.
I'm your grandma.
Grandma.
Yeah.
Mom.
You're going to be
getting a CT scan first.
Why did you dress your child
in such terrible clothing?
Don't focus on anything else
but your health right now.
It'll be bad if you get any worse today.
All right?
- Soo Jin.
- Mom.
Hi, there.
I've heard a lot about you
from your mother.
Hello.
I'm... um, well...
I'm your mom's...
uh, how do I put this?
Oh, I'm like an uncle to her.
But you can just call me "Mister."
And what's your name?
Kim Yoon Bok.
How old are you?
Yoon Bok.
You said that you wanted
to go to the bathroom, right?
What?
We'll be right back.
Listen to me carefully.
We'll be meeting a lot of
people from now on.
And they'll ask you tons of questions.
Promise me that you'll answer them
in the way I tell you to.
Your name is Kim Yoon Bok.
- I know.
- Seven years old.
I'm nine years old now, though.
You're supposed to be in school
if you're nine years old.
It'll get tricky if they ask you
which school you go to.
Okay, then I'm seven years old.
And you don't go to kindergarten.
You said that you didn't
want to attend kindergarten
and I told you that it was
okay if you didn't want to go.
I hate kindergarten.
And...
you've been living with me in
Mooryung since three years ago.
Ever since I came back
from New Zealand.
Since three years ago.
And before that...
My grandma raised me.
She did?
So you've lived with your mom
for the past three years?
My mom came back
after my grandma passed away.
So it's true.
You don't know who your dad is.
You don't know his name
or what he looks like.
Since you've never lived with your dad.
I really don't know
who my real dad is.
And...
if you ever talk to someone while
I'm not around, be sure to tell me.
So that I can make sure
that our stories match up.
All right.
I'm sorry for making you lie like this.
I'm good at lying, anyway.
So, Mom...
is Granny Finger your real mother?
I think so.
Were you surprised?
The curry that she made
tasted just like the
curry that you made me.
And you two have a similar scent
when you hug me tightly.
Is this the kid?
Is your kid... a boy or a girl?
It's clear that she's a girl.
What are you saying?
How old are you?
Seven years old.
- Big Sis!
- Oh, hey!
- What happened?
- I told you.
I told you we had to get Big Sis away
quickly so that Mom didn't find out.
Soo Jin, I'll really let you have it
if Mom doesn't get through this.
It's not like Big Sis
made Mom faint on purpose!
If there's anything you need to
come clean about, do it now
instead of shocking Mom into
that kind of state again later.
Why were you hiding this kid?
Is there some sort of problem?
Is it about money?
Is she illegitimate?
Hey, stop it!
Your mother is lying in bed right now
because she's ill.
Apparently, she moved to Iceland to
study abroad before Hye Na went missing.
Isn't that such a relief?
[Kang Soo Jin]
[Kang Soo Jin ornithologist]
"Mooryung University Ornithology Center."
"Senior researcher."
You can leave now.
Who are you talking to?
You.
And Hyun Jin, and Jae Beom.
So you only want Soo Jin to stay here?
Hyun Jin has work tomorrow.
And you need to take
the kids to kindergarten.
You can switch off with Soo Jin
tomorrow and take care of me then.
Should I take the kid, then?
I'll feed her breakfast tomorrow
and bring her back.
No. She needs to be with me.
Yeah.
She'll be scared if she wakes up
tomorrow and doesn't see her mother.
Then have some lovely family time
together, just the three of you.
We'll get going.
- I'll visit you tomorrow night, Mom.
- All right.
I'll get going now then, Madam.
Thanks for your hard work.
Did you get some sleep?
Yes.
- Get home safe.
- Bye.
Drive carefully.
All right.
So...
since when have you been
meeting with that woman?
It was purely coincidental...
that I started living in the
rooftop room above the barber shop.
But I found out yesterday...
that she's my birth mother.
It's because you wandered
around the neighborhood
while holding that child's hand
like some sort of stray dog
that you fell right into her trap!
Why would you move into that rooftop
room instead of living at home?
Mom.
Please don't get worked up.
I'm sorry.
What I did was wrong.
Are you upset because I hit that woman?
I completely understand.
So, what was her reason for doing
what she did 30 years ago?
She won't tell me.
What is it?
Jae Beom.
I can't sleep.
Why not?
About the woman at Samhwa Barber Shop.
Look into her for me.
What is it that you
want to know about her?
Why she abandoned my Soo Jin.
Nothing will change
just because you find that out.
Soo Jin is your daughter
whom you've raised for the past 30 years.
And now, Soo Jin has brought
her own daughter to you
and is standing before you right now.
Can't you just ignore that woman
and focus solely on your treatment?
I feel like my brain has
become affected, too.
Wouldn't it be unfair if I died
without ever finding out the reason
when I've been curious
about this for the past 30 years?
Look into where she lived,
what kind of woman she is
how she gave birth to and raised my
Soo Jin, why she abandoned her
and why she came to our neighborhood
and set up a barber shop.
A long time ago
when you found out about
the woman my husband was seeing
you remember what I did, right?
I called her out in front of her parents,
but I was just getting started.
I went to the cram school
and gym she went to
and even went to the hair salon
that she frequented.
Oh yeah, and that car.
Remember that car?
Apparently, I'd bought her a car
with my own money.
That jerk of a husband used
our company credit card
to buy that 22-year-old a convertible.
Well, it was mine anyway
so I crashed it into a wall
and destroyed it.
But I don't think doing that will be
anywhere close to enough to calm me down.
You understand what I'm saying, right?
If you don't want me to wreak havoc
get that woman far away from me,
where I will never have to see her again.
Come and eat, Honey!
Honey!
What are you doing?
I said, come eat!
[Kang Soo Jin, senior researcher
at Mooryung Uni Ornithology Center]
[Enrolled at Mooryung University
as bio major in 2000]
[Enrolled in Jaemyung Elementary in 1988]
There was another child abuse
incident yesterday, right?
They put a sick child in a plastic bag
and locked them out, on the balcony.
Was it the child's biological
mother or stepmother?
Their stepmother and biological father.
Ugh, those psychos.
Why are there so many of
these cases as of late?
Because our society
is getting tougher to survive in.
The stress that society is experiencing
is trickling down to everyone
and is affecting those at
the very bottom: young, weak kids.
There are many cases in which
the perpetrator is the child's mother.
And seeing as how that's the case
the level of stress that
mothers feel in society
must be at a dangerously high level.
The article about the
child abuse incident.
Hyun Jin. You can write it, right?
Yes.
Next.
Um, yes.
This is a huge one.
Do you know what happened last night?
I have no idea.
It turned out that Granny Finger
is my mom's real mom.
Really?
So, my mom's mom who raised my mom
got very angry
and hit Granny Finger!
Really?
And then she fainted.
You must have been
so scared, Yoon Bok.
My mom is quite worried.
Your mom must be so worried
since your grandmother fainted.
Also, she's worried about Granny Finger.
My mom's mom has a lot of people
who are worrying about her
but Granny Finger only has her two birds.
I apologize.
Nam Hong Hee of Samhwa Barber Shop.
She pays monthly rent for
the first floor where the shop is
and took out a long-term lease
for the second floor and rooftop room.
Give me her social security number.
Her cell phone number, too.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Okay, got it.
Her official records
about where she used to live
and criminal history will be out
later today, or tomorrow.
And information about her
tax records and health insurance
will take a bit more time.
And you said you were thinking of sending
her out of the country too, right?
Just get things ready for now.
Understood, Sir.
I'll make it so that we can send her
packing as soon as you say the word.
There is a growth here, yes.
You can see it, right?
It's not even three centimeters long.
Even if the tumor may be this small
there is very little space
inside of our brains
so it can obstruct your
blood vessels or neurons
and possibly cause dizziness,
pain, and nausea.
So, what you're saying is...
that it has spread to my brain.
That's correct.
Why did you go see
the doctor by yourself?
Don't most people go to hear that
kind of news with their family?
I didn't want to.
They're my private matters.
There are certain boundaries to be
maintained, even among family members.
They did tell me before that
it may spread to my brain
if I got any frailer
but they said that there are treatment
options, so I'll give it my all.
Also, Soo Jin.
Yi Jin is here now,
so take Yoon Bok and go home.
What?
Go and unpack your things.
And don't you dare think about
going somewhere else.
How long will you be
in Seoul, Big Sis?
Didn't you say that you're
going somewhere far away?
Yeah.
What have you been doing
this whole time?
[Kang Soo Jin,
Jaemyung Elementary]
Honey.
Why are you so obsessed
with this woman?
What's so important about
that woman, anyway?
I need to know why she took Hye Na.
What are you talking about?
Think about this rationally.
Hye Na fell into
the ocean and died!
Everyone else thinks that, too!
You do, and so do the police!
So why are you acting like this, huh?
We're going to have a funeral ceremony
for her at a Buddhist temple next week.
All of the elders in the neighborhood
said that we can have
a funeral after 21 days.
So, let's put an end to this
and just live our lives now.
Okay?
[Those who cannot answer
this question are not allowed inside]
What problem do we need to solve
to go inside?
This...
is something that I wrote
back when I was in high school.
What I really wanted to write
was "Nobody is allowed inside."
But I couldn't do that, so I put a
difficult problem on the board instead.
Something like a really difficult
math problem that nobody could solve
or they had to guess the name of a bird
that barely anyone knew about.
So the problem was like a key of sorts.
You're right.
Give me a problem to solve too.
[Kang Soo Jin's favorite thing]
Eating by yourself?
Let's go.
Wow, it's so warm.
The room must have been kept warm
even though nobody was here.
Why are there so many books here?
I wanted to go somewhere
far away when I was young
so I'd always fall asleep
with my bag packed.
But I had nowhere to go.
So I read a lot of books.
Because I could immediately be whisked
away elsewhere by opening a book.
How so?
There's an emergency exit door
in each and every book.
["The Secret Garden"]
I might have missed this place...
because of those days.
Even though I wanted to
leave so badly.
Huh?
A question.
What do you want to be
when you grow up?
A different kid.
I'd like it if I could be a boy.
One that is okay with being a bit dirty
and doesn't cry even when he's in pain.
A question.
Do you hate Granny Finger,
or do you want to see her?
I hate her.
I hate her quite a lot.
To be honest, I don't think
I'll be able to forgive her.
But...
I wanted to see her.
For a long time.
And I think I still do.
You hate her,
and yet you want to see her?
Do you...
miss your mom?
Is this the end?
Is this the key?
Wow, the lady from the barber shop
is a lot scarier than she seems.
She has a criminal history.
Go on.
Murder.
She was sentenced to eight years
but served six years.
Who did she kill?
The man she lived with.
Geez.
Why did she do that?
I've been looking through
the court records
but she wouldn't say anything
about it all throughout the trial.
Keep looking into it.
And meet with the attorney, too.
[The Story of a Happy Mooryung Mom]
You know how a nine-year-old girl went
missing in Mooryung not too long ago?
Yeah.
It appeared that the child was
playing alone and fell into the harbor
but things weren't looking good
since they couldn't find a body
so they suddenly arrested
the mother of the child.
Was the mother involved somehow?
Her mother won't pick up
the phone right now
but I'll visit Mooryung this evening.
We should know each others'
phone numbers, since we're family.
It's not like you pick up
our house phone, anyway.
You called?
Mom.
Is that a girl or a boy?
She looks like a boy, right?
But she's a girl.
And she's the same age
as you, so you can be friends.
Hi.
What is it?
Mom told me to take Yoon Bok
to the salon and the department store.
No thanks.
Why are you saying that now
when I'm already here and willing?
- What is this?
- It's not for you.
I give this to my kids.
You should feed it to Yoon Bok, too.
Thank you very much.
May I eat it now?
It tastes good.
Wow, this room looks
exactly the same as it used to.
Not a single thing about it has changed.
Mom.
Is she wearing clothes like that
because she's poor?
Tae Mi!
If a friend of yours is pitiful,
you should be nice to them.
Go over there right now
and play with her.
She's not wearing clothes
like these because she's poor.
She's wearing these sorts of clothes
because she likes them.
Yoon Bok doesn't like
lace or pink things.
Why are you being like that?
She's just a child.
We won't go to the salon or the
department store, so leave now.
You're so weird, seriously.
Why are you trying to raise
the kid to be like you?
What kind of girl likes those kinds
of clothes? That's just what you think.
I'll go, Mom.
Huh?
I'll go to the department store.
With my friend.
Doctor.
When I first got cancer seven years ago
I got surgery, had chemotherapy
and got radiation therapy
to get this far.
But right now, I feel more
motivated than ever before.
Oh, is that so?
That's a relief.
Please tell me about my body's
current state in greater detail.
For example...
what is the probability
that I'll live to see
a child who is seven years old now
enter college?
[DramaFever Ver] tvN E07 Mother
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
I told you this before
but people's lives are
not dictated by probability
but life itself.
Tell me in terms of numbers today.
10... percent.
It's just as I thought.
But still, I'll try everything.
I'll stop doing anything else
and I plan to focus
solely on my treatments.
Thank you for everything
up until now, Doctor.
For what?
You suffered quite a bit because
of a disobedient patient like me.
Nobody can easily come to terms with
the fact that they're a cancer patient.
But...
I'd like to have a different attending
physician from this point onward.
- What?
- You'll be retiring soon, after all.
My objective is to survive
for the next 12 years.
Until a seven-year-old child
enters university?
Yes.
I'd like for them to be someone who will
aggressively defend me until then.
And the most important thing is...
that there is a 90 percent chance
that I may not survive.
I'd like for my new
physician to be someone...
who can be a source of strength
for my family if I do end up dying.
Ms. Young Shin takes Soo Jin
with her wherever she goes.
She takes her along to
the set, the hair salon
and when she goes shopping, as well.
Soo Jin has now been given
Ms. Young Shin's original last name
and lives her life as Kang Soo Jin.
We will now embark on a beautiful journey
with this special mother-daughter pair.
I need her.
I need her in order to be able
to focus and to be at ease.
Grandma!
Oh, my pretty little pup.
You bought new clothes, huh?
How pretty!
What about Big Sis?
She went to the family consultation room.
Oh.
All right.
Come here, Yoon Bok.
Look at this, Grandma!
I bought new shoes, too!
Look at the back!
Don't they look like my mom's shoes?
Ah, yes. How pretty.
Wow, they even have
sparkles on them!
It almost feels like I'm looking at
Soo Jin when she was young.
No way.
Her eyes, nose, mouth, forehead,
chin, and skin tone
don't look anything
like Big Sis's, at all.
She either takes after
her father completely
or she's not Big Sis's
biological daughter.
Yoon Bok.
Do you take after your father?
Yes.
Yi Jin.
I raised three daughters,
all with different fathers
and taught them that it doesn't
matter who one's father is.
I told you to only remember the fact
that you three are my daughters.
And among you three is a child
I didn't give birth to myself.
But all three of you
are my real daughters.
If I raised you, you're my real daughter.
If you ever speak that way to Yoon Bok
again, I will be quite angry. Got it?
Got it?
Um... yes.
All right, kids! Come here!
Come over here.
Do you want some warm hot chocolate?
Or do you want juice?
Or strawberry milk?
Strawberry milk!
Strawberry milk.
Hot chocolate.
Hot chocolate!
Want me to open it for you?
Yes.
Here, you have some.
Are you all right?
Lift up your hands!
Huh?
You have a purple birthmark?
Yes.
Whoosh!
All right, then.
What shall we have you wear?
I want to wear my own clothes.
Why? You have tons of
new clothes, though.
I like my own clothes more.
The guardian of Kang Young Shin?
Please go into Room Two.
I thought I'd be meeting
with Professor Baek
since I was supposed to meet
her attending physician.
I received a call this afternoon
from Madam Cha
and she asked me to be
her new attending physician.
At first, I refused.
After all, Professor Baek is the best
specialist for breast cancer in Korea
and it's only been two years
since I finished my fellowship.
But after I heard what
Madam Cha had to say
it didn't seem that she wanted to change
her physician due to her treatments.
Then... why?
I think it's because of you, Soo Jin.
What?
My mother underwent surgery...
for breast cancer at this hospital
in the same year that Madam Cha did.
She used to talk quite a lot with
Madam Cha until late into the night.
After looking at her chart
I think I know why she asked me
to be her attending physician.
On days like this, when the
patient's condition worsens
and when the doctor needs to relay
that information to the family...
and in the more painful and difficult
moments that are to come later...
she wants me to be your
strength, is what I think.
You've been watching me
for a while now, right?
Um, yes.
If there's anything you want to know,
don't suffer out here in the cold.
Rather, come inside
and ask me yourself.
You mean, in there?
I just wanted to feel her presence
from a distance
even though I lived here.
I don't even have the smallest desire
to be acknowledged as Soo Jin's mother.
Not at all.
I know that this is
shameless of me to ask
but if you can be understanding
of my predicament
I'll live here quietly
as if I were dead
until the day I truly die.
Well, um, the thing is...
I don't think we will be able
to be understanding of that.
We will give you the money
for any relevant costs
so please, move elsewhere.
Of course, we do realize...
that it will be quite difficult
for you if you move.
However...
it won't...
kill you, correct?
But right now, such isn't
the case for Ms. Cha.
Um... you do understand...
what I'm trying to get at, correct?
I will pack my things.
Please give me some time.
Yes, well, then...
please do that.
Um, one more thing.
There is one thing that Ms. Cha
dearly wishes to know.
- What is it?
- Well...
How do I put this?
Um...
- Why did you...
- abandon Soo Jin?
I put everything on the line...
to ensure that she'd grow up
without ever finding out anything.
But if she were to find out
the reason for that now...
the many years
that I've lived like this...
will be rendered useless.
That is the one thing that I ask you
not to pry any further into.
You're back?
You weren't asleep?
I'll take Yoon Bok and go.
No, let her sleep.
Soo Jin.
I'm just so happy right now.
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever
think that you'd give me a granddaughter.
Some people feel assured
if they have a lot of cash
while others feel at ease
if they own a lot of property.
But I need children.
Children are the future,
and children are everything.
The doctors are all saying
that I will die soon.
But that's not important
when my granddaughter is
sleeping beside me right now.
When I get a bit better...
you will probably leave me.
Fine, go.
I won't ask you to stay.
But...
leave Yoon Bok here and go.
How will you manage to raise
Yoon Bok alone
in that faraway place, anyway...
when you're studying, or
working, or whatever else?
What are you saying, Mom?
You want me to leave her behind?
Yoon Bok told me that her grandmother
raised her when she was young.
I'll be good at raising her, too.
I was so busy when I was
raising you girls
so I couldn't do everything
that I wanted to do for you.
But I can do a fantastic job
of it now, Soo Jin.
So go out there
and chase your dreams
to your heart's content.
And you can come back
once a year or so to visit.
Couldn't you?
Yes.
I'm on my way to Mooryung
right now, Senior.
- So you're going to interview her?
- Yes.
I watched the news coverage
about her disappearance
but there are witnesses too,
so I think she did fall into the ocean.
Call me when you're done.
All right.
She is about 110 centimeters tall,
and weighs about 20 kilograms.
She has a purple birthmark the size of
a fingernail near her left underarm.
She was last seen wearing a red coat,
jeans, and yellow sneakers.
Huh? You have a purple birthmark?
Yes.
And one of her sneakers has
already been found in the ocean.
Is she asleep?
Geez.
Today must have been rough for you.
Why don't you go on a little walk?
All right.
Mister.
Yeah?
Where did you go?
Well...
I had... some business
to take care of.
Why?
It just strikes me as odd, is all.
What other business could you be
attending to, when Mom is hospitalized?
You're the type who'd probably
stick around all day
even if Mom tried to force
you to do something else.
Did you...
meet with her?
Welcome.
Take a seat.
I'm...
Ms. Cha Young Shin's
attending physician.
Yoon Bok...
wanted me to give you this, ma'am.
Are you all right, Granny?
I was worried about you.
Get a haircut before you go.
Did Mom send you over there?
Why?
What did she want you to tell her?
I think your mom has the right.
Um...
the right to try and know
what kind of person she is.
And the right to express her emotions
about this current situation.
You didn't...
go there to get rid of her, did you?
Soo Jin.
Focus only on worrying about
your mom right now.
Did you do it?
No.
She's not that kind of person.
Back when I was in school
all of the kids that used to tease me
all left to study abroad, one by one.
Don't play dumb, Mister.
Well...
they were kids who teased you
since you didn't have a dad
and said your mother was
a fake mom, all right?
So, do you know what I did?
I visited each and every one
of them and apologized.
Whether they accepted
my apology or not.
I have no interest
in that person whatsoever.
And I never want to see her again.
As long as Mom doesn't do anything...
I will never see her again.
"The rose of Sharon has bloomed."
"The rose of Sharon..."
You were a child who
didn't cry, Soo Jin.
Even though it probably
would've made you feel better
to cry, even just once.
You seemed to have decided that you
weren't going to cry until your mom came.
Was it that you were only able to
live your life if I disappeared, ma'am?
You... remember?
Was your life difficult because of me?
The things that happened on that day...
Soo Jin.
Shall the two of us...
follow those birds...
and, step...
by step...
walk into the ocean together?
I don't want to, though.
Go in the water
by yourself, Mom.
I want to live.
Ms. Soo Jin.
What's the matter?
It's nothing.
I just remembered something
that I'd forgotten.
But I don't know whether
it actually happened...
or it's just something
that my mind made up.
On November 10th, 1986
on the day before Soo Jin was
discovered at the orphanage
she turned herself in
at the police station.
And according to the court records
she didn't say anything
throughout the entire trial.
And even the public defender
assigned to her
just used the facts of the situation
in order to defend her.
Her man must have been
a real son of a bitch.
And she didn't want people to call
her daughter a murderer's daughter...
so she abandoned her child
where nobody could find her.
Um, according to her...
she wanted Soo Jin to
remain unaware of this...
Let's keep this a secret.
Madam.
Um, the thing about
Soo Jin is...
she thinks her biological mother
abandoned her after abusing her.
So wouldn't it be better
for her to know the truth?
If I were her mother, I wouldn't want
Soo Jin to know about this, either.
The only memory that I am sure of...
is red bean bread.
My mom told me that she'd be back
if I ate it slowly.
So I ate it really, really slowly.
I ate more than half of it
but my mom still wasn't back...
so I tried to take
much smaller bites.
I think I realized around that point...
that my mom...
wasn't coming.
I feel like I may have even
known that from the very start.
From the moment that she
locked me to that fence...
I felt that day was different
from other days.
But all I could do...
was eat that red bean bread slowly.
So I tried so hard...
to take smaller and smaller bites...
but I couldn't take
any more small bites.
I think that's when I started crying.
I could only continue
to wait for my mom...
if I could continue
taking bites out of it.
So you kept waiting for her.
From then, up until now.
But...
today, I recalled a memory
that I'd forgotten.
My mom, who I'd waited so long for...
tried to kill me.
I'm angry.
I'm so angry that I don't
know what to do with myself.
The person who loved me so much
that I felt as if I'd suffocate
is dying right before my eyes.
And my child...
I have to hurry and take her,
and leave this place, but...
I bet your heart rate
is around 130 bpm right now.
But the average adult's heart rate
is between 60 to 100.
So that means that you are
quite stressed out right now.
So?
Drink plenty of water.
Around 8 to 10 cups per day.
Make sure you feed yourself properly.
Also, sleep is quite important.
People slowly recover
while they're sleeping.
So you have to be sure to move
as little as possible right now.
Your instincts will be of help to you.
Just as birds go to
a dark, secluded place
and sit tight when they're injured.
Also, which number
do emergency patients call?
911?
As for you, you should call me.
Don't think about anything else
and just automatically call me.
I'm your 911.
All right?
So, what did that woman say she'd do?
Oh, well...
she said that she'd move.
Get her out of there
as soon as possible.
So that I won't ever
see her again before I die.
Seeing her together with
Soo Jin made my blood boil.
Those two look so alike, don't you think?
I don't care what they do
after I die...
but I want to breathe my last breath
as Soo Jin's only mother.
I'm sure that the person
who abandoned Soo Jin
had her own reasons for doing so.
But when I think about what state my
child was in when she was abandoned...
my desire to be understanding of
her situation completely vanishes.
There were scars all over my child's body
and there was a lock on her...
to prevent her from running away.
The only situation that
I'd be understanding of...
was if...
her mother had died.
I'll be heading home now.
Please give this to Yoon Bok.
How did you know that
Yoon Bok likes this?
[I'm okay, Yoon Bok. Thank you.]
You got a haircut, I see.
Oh.
Was she...
doing okay?
She seemed to be quite
a resilient person.
She cut my hair
without a single word.
And asked me to take
good care of Madam Cha.
She's really good at cutting men's hair.
This part right here
always pops up a bit.
And it always gave me
a bit of trouble, but...
I finally found a barber shop
that I really liked...
but she said that
she'll be moving soon.
She was packing her things.
Did you tell her to leave?
Um, that's not it.
I did.
She's been working there
for 27 years now.
You can't just kick her out
like that because you don't like her.
It's not like it was purely coincidental
that she was living there.
She strategically moved there,
knowing that you were nearby.
So why can't I kick her out?
She has nothing to do with us.
- And she's done nothing wrong to us...
- Yes, she has.
She's not good for my health.
Just the fact that I'm even discussing
that woman with you right now
is really putting a strain
on the blood vessels in my brain.
If you just did nothing, there would be
no reason for us to discuss this.
To me, she's someone I don't even
want to meet or think about.
You didn't even blink when you were told
that I was on my deathbed...
and yet, you're saying these things to me
because I'm trying to make her move?
What do I need to do in order for you
to leave her alone, Mom?
Does that mean you'll promise
to do anything I ask?
If it's something that
I can do, then I'll do it.
Yoon Bok.
I don't care where you go.
Just leave Yoon Bok here before you go.
That's all I ask.
Yoon Bok is my daughter.
I'm going to take her with me
no matter where I may go.
All right.
I won't go anywhere for the time being.
I'll live at your house with Yoon Bok.
Is that good enough?
I really don't want to, though.
Being a mom is so unfair.
To think that loving your child more than
they love you could be a weakness.
Jae Beom.
Yes, Madam?
Call that woman.
And tell her that
she doesn't have to move.
Pardon?
Things must be so difficult for you
so thank you for agreeing
to be interviewed.
It's fine.
Um, may I see a photo of Hye Na?
Why?
Um...
I want to use it when
I'm writing the article.
No.
I didn't want strangers
to see my daughter's face
so I didn't even let them
use a photo of her on TV.
Oh.
I'm not going to release it
as a part of the article.
It's just that, when I saw
the news broadcast about her
she seemed to be similar
to a girl that I know...
I'm sorry, but I don't have any photos.
And I've deleted all the photos of
Hye Na that I had on my phone, too
because they were upsetting me.
I'm home.
Honey!
We had legitimate reasons,
which is why we arrested her.
There's no way we would've
done it for no reason.
Like what, exactly?
Were they related to
Hye Na's disappearance?
I can't give you specifics
since it's an ongoing investigation.
Sheesh.
Yes.
We did have concrete evidence
of child abuse.
But it wasn't directly
related to the case.
Then, by any chance...
do you have a flyer of Kim Hye Na that
was distributed when she went missing?
- Why do you ask?
- For reference.
Hey, go get a flyer of Hye Na.
What do you want most
as a Christmas present?
Um...
a younger sibling?
I'll have to start seeing a man, then.
Where should we hang this one?
- Here.
- Here?
Let's put it here.
Wow, how pretty!
Here.
We didn't arrest her for no reason.
We have plenty of evidence.
Even if the child may have died
for some other reason
I still think that
she should be punished for
abusing her before her death.
Here.
[Name: Kim Hye Na
Female, 9 Years Old]
[Date of Disappearance:
January 17th, 2018]
[Call Me Mother / Mother]
Subtitles by DramaFever
I didn't know that families
could be so big.
It's so nice to have a
lot of family members.
We have to leave soon.
Can't we just live like this?
You never should have done this.
Even if you had good intentions
this is kidnapping.
You kidnapped her.
Yoon Bok can't live without me.
I'm her mother and she's my daughter.
So, Kang Soo Jin took Hye Na?
I found Hye Na, Honey.
I'll go and get her.
Run away as far as you can, Big Sis.
You mustn't be caught, no matter what.